docs: translate remaining .md files to .rst (#2083)
canonical/charmcraft: docs/reference/files/src-charm-py-file.rst

.. _src-charm-py-file:

``src/charm.py`` file
=====================

The ``src/charm.py`` file is the default entry point for a charm. This
file must be executable, and should include a
`shebang <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shebang_(Unix)>`_ to indicate
the desired interpreter. For many charms, this file will contain the
majority of the charm code. It is possible to change the name of this

> file, but additional changes are then required to enable the charm to be
> built with Charmcraft.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
file, but additional changes are then required to build the charm with Charmcraft.
```
